now the guardians of the galaxy a
little-known property if ever there was
one has become a worldwide box office
smash for Marvel I decided to have a
look at some of the other lesser-known
Marvel characters who i'd like to see
take the journey to the big screen we
all know the ones who get mentioned the
most such as Captain Marvel Black
Panther she-hulk and Nova along with
solo movies for Black Widow and the Hulk
but I'm talking about the characters who
don't get listed on every what Marvel
needs do next list in fact I'm not even
solely focusing on heroes here just
characters I'd love to see on the big
screen okay let's get started
enchantress first introduced in 1964
enchantress also known as amaura is one
of Thor's longest-running villains she
is one of the most powerful beings in
olive Asgard and regularly uses her
powers to charm and control the minds of
Marvel's heroes like Thor she is
immortal and has devoted her entire
existence to the pursuit of pleasure in
increasing her own power when she first
encounters Thor in the comics she makes
it her personal mission to seduce him
away from his mortal love Jane Foster
when she fails in this endeavor she
decides her only recourse is to have
Jane Foster executed a course Thor went
on to save Jane and defeat enchantress
but wouldn't this make a great setup for
the third Thor movie and if he wanted to
make her a more sympathetic character it
wouldn't be too difficult maybe she
doesn't want to kill Jane and maybe she
comes off as more of a hero in the end
she has been a hero a few times in the
comics and maybe they're up against an
even darker more evil foe such as the
next entry on our list gore the god
butcher the god butcher is a pretty new
entry to the Marvel Universe having only
been introduced in 2013 but he is one
hell of a villain gore comes from a
nameless planet where his people existed
in a constant state of near death
growing up he was taught to believe in
the gods and that one day they would
answer his prayers when he was only a
child though Gore lost both his mother
and his father leaving him an orphan in
the harsh nameless world he survived to
adulthood and then had a family of his
own
but over the years he lost all but one
of his sons then while trying to reach
what they believed to be a forest his
son died while Gore was promising him
that when they reached this forest they
would never go hungry again
grief-stricken Gore swore revenge on the
gods that had never answered his prayers
and set out on a journey across the
cosmos to murder each and every God in
creation and one by one he succeeded
earning the name of the god butcher
along the way and although he would
eventually lose to Thor who was
empowered by the prayers of fallen gods
gore nearly took the god of thunder down
with him as you can imagine gore would
be a fantastic villain for Thor 3
although he would certainly force the
film to be much darker than its two
predecessors he's an incredibly skilled
fighter especially with handheld weapons
which could make for some awesome action
scenes and although he is certainly
villainous his sympathetic backstory
would create a connection with the
audience at Malekith the villain from
Thor the dark world was sorely lacking
in fact that's one of the things that
Marvel movies haven't been that great at
creating memorable villains sure we have
low key but how many other villains
really stick in your mind a week after
seeing the movie speaking of Dormammu
originally introduced as one of dr.
Strange's first villains Dormammu is
described as something worse than a
demon a mystical interdimensional force
so powerful that he's capable of almost
anything Doctor Strange himself has said
that Dormammu is his most terrible foe
if he was to be introduced in the movies
he would be the perfect introductory
villain to Doctor Strange and a villain
much like Loki who could be kept around
for more than just one movie besides the
fact that door mom who has fought at one
point or another both the Avengers and
the guardians of the galaxy he also has
direct connections with Loki and the red
skull if he were to be introduced in the
MCU I think it would be a good idea to
merge his character with another one of
Marvel's demons Mephisto Mephisto was
probably most well-known for wiping two
decades spider-man continuity out of
existence but he also played a hand in
the mental breakdown of one of the MCU
upcoming characters the Scarlet Witch
when Mephisto soul was broken into
shards two of the pieces were used to
create the twin sons of the Scarlet
Witch envisioned Thomas and William
however eventually Mephisto reforged
soul blinking the boys out of existence
this traumatic event would eventually
lead to the Scarlet Witch murdering
several members of the Avengers and all
but exterminating mutant kind so by
combining Dormammu and mephisto you
basically get twice as many stories for
the price of one and the Scarlet Witch
melting down over her lost children is
just rife for cinematic betrayal and
speaking of the scarlet witch's sons the
young avengers first introduced in 2005
the young avengers are a group of
teenage superheroes who band together to
take up the avengers mantle after the
older avengers disbanded following the
scarlet witch's mental breakdown the
original core group is made up of the
time-traveling iron lad Patriot stature
who is the daughter of the soon to be
introduced ant-man a female fan of
Hawkeye who takes over his name after
his death vision the shapeshifter
hulling the magic user Wiccan and the
speedster so aptly named speed later on
the group would welcome new members
including a younger version of Loki the
dynamic of the team is great and could
make for some great back-and-forth
sunscreen it would also introduced the
first gay characters into the MCU with
Wiccan and helping being one of the most
popular couples in all of Marvel Comics
besides that the characters of Wiccan
and speed are twin brothers separated at
birth and are eventually revealed will
be William and Thomas the assumed dead
children of the Scarlet Witch this would
be a great team to introduce in order to
add some sorely lacking diversity to the
Marvel Cinematic Universe and could play
easily into any phase of the MCU that
might follow an adaptation of the
scarlet witch's meltdown or the
disbanding of the official Avengers and
finally Marvel man or miracle man
depending upon who you ask originally
created in 1954 by mech anglo revived in
1982 by comics legend Alan Moore and
most recently written by fellow comics
legend Neil Gaiman Marvel man was in
copyright hell for a good many years
with the ownership of the character
being disputed in the courts for decades
but recently the character has become
the property of Marvel Comics with the
writing duties being continued by Neil
Gaiman the story goes that marble man
started out as a young reporter named
Mickey Moran who gets trapped during a
terrorist raid on a nuclear power plant
and gains the powers flight super
strength and invoke
ability due to the effects of the
radiation basically think of them as a
much darker version of superman now I
don't have time to go into a really
detailed backstory for Marvel man but
most of the back issues are now
available in reprints as well as in the
marvel app so I'd say check them out I
guarantee you won't be disappointed okay
so that's all for today what do you guys
think of my list leave some comments
down below and let me know what
characters you would love to see join
the Marvel Cinematic Universe don't
forget to Like and subscribe there's a
whole lot more where this came from